---
title: "Kiosk"
date: 2026-01-26
---

# Kiosk

So let's talk about Kiosk, so Kiosk is one of my favourite app I ever made, just a simple pdf reader.  
But still finding the right pdf reader is a tough job.

So if I cant find the right one I make one.  
This one is the pure purpose of launching Kiosk.

Kiosk offers great flexibility, you want to open pdf in browser, we have chrome extension, you want native app, we have for Mac and android (windows is also on the way) for iPhones I need some fundings to register on App Store.  
This flexibility makes it better than web only or app only pdf readers.

## Bloatware

kiosk is free and open source it has absolutely no bloatware

## Viewer Mode

Kiosk has true dark mode in a click, adobe acrobat also has but you need to dig in the color settings for it, and it was inspired by google scholar pdf reader, it works by putting a layer of negative color inversion on the pdf.

## Annotation

Clearly till now I haven't seen any pdf readers which is free, bloatware free, offers dark mode and annotations all together.  
In kiosk we have it all.

## So this is what kiosk is about

Honestly I personally use kiosk for my college work and when I face any issues I fix it immediately and I love highlighting my notes using annotations.

## The hardest part while building Kiosk

Lastly the most difficult thing I faced while making kiosk was the zoom, oh god!  
Configuring a proper zoom took me days, honestly its still not perfect but ye I am constantly polishing it.

And the quality, basically I thought of settling with the chrome extension and web version but, the quality is no match to apple's preview.  
I realised its javascript rendering limitations and it can be fixed with a native app which will utilise the native pdf rendering engine.

But making an app that quick that too by me alone was a challenge.

Here comes tauri, tauri is like electron, you make native apps using html, css and ts for frontend and rust for backend, its basically a browser window behaving like a native app and uses rust in backend.

I had the web version ready.  
So I quickly learnt rust and used tauri to make the native Mac app, tauri is also cross platform supported so ye windows is also possible and will come soon.